feat: Add disagg skeleton example (#683)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: examples/hello_world/disagg_skeleton/README.md

# Deployment Examples

> This directory contains a hello world example which implementations a simplified disaggregated serving architecture used for deploying Large Language Models (LLMs). It removes the LLM related inference code and focuses on how Dynamo handles routing, task queue and metadata communication between prefill and decoding workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a hello world example which implements a simplified disaggregated serving architecture used for deploying Large Language Models (LLMs). It removes the LLM related inference code and focuses on how Dynamo handles routing, task queue, and NIXL metadata communication between prefill and decoding workers.
```

In this example, we will use 2 nodes to demo the disagg serving.
- Node 1
  - Runs NATS and etcd services
  - Deploys Frontend, Processor and Router
  - Deploys DummyWorker as the monolith worker
- Node 2
  - Deploys DummyWorker as the monolith worker

### Prerequisites
On Node 1, start required services (etcd and NATS) using [Docker Compose](../../../deploy/docker-compose.yml)
```bash
docker compose -f deploy/docker-compose.yml up -d
```

### Run the Deployment

1. Set environment variables for NATS and etcd services

```bash
export NATS_SERVER="nats://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:4222"
export ETCD_ENDPOINTS="http://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:2379"
```

2. Launch Frontend, Processor and Router services:
```
cd dynamo/examples/hello_world/disagg_skeleton
dynamo serve components.graph:Frontend
```

3. Open a new terminal on Node 1 and deploy Worker service
```
export NATS_SERVER="nats://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:4222"
export ETCD_ENDPOINTS="http://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:2379"
cd dynamo/examples/hello_world/disagg_skeleton
dynamo serve components.worker:DummyWorker
```

4. Go to Node 2 and start Worker service as in step 3
Now you should see both worker are ready in Node 1's terminal and

> 5. Query the Fronend.

Reviewer: Can you add an example `curl` query request+response?

Author: example added

In this example, we will use 2 nodes to demo the disagg serving.
- Node 1
  - Runs NATS and etcd services
  - Deploys Frontend, Processor and Router
  - Deploys DummyWorker as the monolith worker
- Node 2
  - Deploys DummyWorker as the monolith worker

### Prerequisites
On Node 1, start required services (etcd and NATS) using [Docker Compose](../../../deploy/docker-compose.yml)
```bash
docker compose -f deploy/docker-compose.yml up -d
```

### Run the Deployment

1. Set environment variables for NATS and etcd services

```bash
export NATS_SERVER="nats://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:4222"
export ETCD_ENDPOINTS="http://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:2379"
```

2. Launch Frontend, Processor and Router services:
```
cd dynamo/examples/hello_world/disagg_skeleton
dynamo serve components.graph:Frontend
```

3. Open a new terminal on Node 1 and deploy Worker service
```
export NATS_SERVER="nats://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:4222"
export ETCD_ENDPOINTS="http://Node_1_IP_ADDRESS:2379"
cd dynamo/examples/hello_world/disagg_skeleton
dynamo serve components.worker:DummyWorker
```

4. Go to Node 2 and start Worker service as in step 3.
Now you should see both workers are ready in Node 1's terminal.

> 5. Query the Fronend with following two prompts first. Then modify the prompt and you will notice prompts with similar prefix (for example, "Tell me a joke" and "Tell me a fact") will be routed to the same worker due to the routing algorithm used in this demo.

Reviewer 2: Can you add example / expected output to show what to be noticed?

Author: will do

> 5. Query the Fronend with following two prompts first. Then modify the prompt and you will notice prompts with similar prefix (for example, "Tell me a joke" and "Tell me a fact") will be routed to the same worker due to the routing algorithm used in this demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Query the Frontend with following two prompts first. Then modify the prompt and you will notice prompts with similar prefix (for example, "Tell me a joke" and "Tell me a fact") will be routed to the same worker due to the routing algorithm used in this demo.
```
